hi everyone today I'm going to show you
a perm rod set tutorial and if you want
to know how I achieved this look stay
tuned the products I use for washing my
hair are the Marucci miracle macadamia
butter shampoo conditioner and deep
conditioner and for the style I use the
cream of nature argan oil foaming wrap
lotion and the eco styler with argan oil
as you can see I did the back of my head
already and I only have this small
section in the front left and I'm so
happy that I only have this small
section left whew so let's get started
that's the amount I used for each
section of the foaming wrap lotion just
slowly distribute it from your roots to
the ends and that's the amount I used of
the jail I hope you can see
that's the size of the perm rod I'm
using I use very small ones because I
want that small fro look in just slowly
roll roll roll all the way up to your
roots if your hair got too dry always
use some water to re-wet and this
section I had to unravel because I was
not happy how it looked on the perm rod
and you see how fast my hair curls
Boeing Boeing Boeing it curls really
really fast
but I didn't like how it looked on the
perm rod and you always have to
concentrate on your ends it's so
important to concentrate on the ends of
your hair and keep rolling
rollin rollin rollin rollin keep rollin
rollin in the D no just kidding
Oh oh my god I'm done thank God I'm done
I let my hair air dry overnight I did
not use a blow dryer or a hooded dryer
and that's the next morning and I slowly
unravel each strand of hair and you can
see my hair got so short I was really
surprised how it turned out but I really
liked it and I separate each piece or
each strand of hair
right after I unravel it from the perm
rod and you can see my face I'm so
surprised how it turned out I really
really liked it I'm so in love with it
it's so gorgeous yes it is and just
unravel unravel unravel until you get
that little fro and I really was
surprised how it turned out I absolutely
love the end result it looks so good to
lift my roots a little bit I use my afro
pick especially in the back and then I
used some shine spray it's also from
cream of nature
and that's it I absolutely love it
deuces thanks for watching talk to you
guys and ladies later bye hey y'all if
you want to watch my previous videos
just click on the pictures and start
watching bye